Monorepo: Client preparing Releases (#1491)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/util/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 7.1.1 - 2021-09-24

- Fixed a bug in `toType()` helper function to now return `null`/`undefined` for respective input values, PR [#1477](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1477)

> - Discourage note for usage of `EIP-1191` format checksums when using `toChecksumAddress()` (breaks checksum backwards compatibility in current form), PR [#1463](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1463)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Add note discouraging use of `EIP-1191` format checksums when using `toChecksumAddress()` (breaks checksum backwards compatibility in current form), PR [#1463](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1463)
```
